Change Implementation->Drivers (#722)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Loader: docs/LoaderInterfaceArchitecture.md

The application sits at the top and interfaces directly with the Vulkan
loader.
At the bottom of the stack sits the drivers.

> A drivercan control one or more physical devices capable of rendering Vulkan,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A driver can control one or more physical devices capable of rendering Vulkan,
```

Author: That was totally there to make sure you reviewed my code.  You passed!   ;-)
